[Music]
[Applause]
well here I am at American Girl place in
Los Angeles and I'm here with Scott
Davidson is that right that's right I'm
here to explore the American Girl craze
our bookstore is the heart in the core
of our brand so that's kind of a great
starting place this is a book I could
have used as a child desperately because
my body did not change for a long long
time so this is where a girl would come
and if she wanted to choose a doll what
is her name
saij my agent told me my daughter named
her doll something it was at my
daughter's birthday I couldn't be there
on the celebrity there's God
skiing with Bono now Scott unless I'm
wrong this is part of the Bill Cosby
collection this is our daybed they're
having a sleepover yet they're having
popcorn oh that's popcorn er you go this
looks like Vicodin so this doll would
sleep here right now what if this doll
wakes up in the night and this stall is
staring at her she's like dude what's
going on and this one's like it's time
you are one of the chosen
this is our dog pet salon you know what
I call this display Scott
I call this how girls treated me in
elementary school has any girl come
along and requested an American Girl
doll with the Konan hairstyle protectin
and it's pretty clear to you that
there's nothing wrong with the doll but
it's just part of an insurance scam well
we don't have insurance so you would
have insurance
what about Obamacare is a bona fide
clever American girl unfortunately it's
just they have to bring it I see the
Republicans got their way they've got
their way do girls ever want cuz this is
Los Angeles do girls ever want plastic
surgery for their doll girls no parents
might ask but I bet you parents with
that I bet your parents come in and
they're like can you do something for
the dog
my mother this is Caroline and she's
lives at the time of 1812 the war of
1812 yes and she needs to get in a tiny
boat and save her father who's being
held prisoner by the British that's part
of her storyline that's heavy
does she have to kill anybody if she get
on the boat and just start homicide rule
isn't part of our our storylines right
okay no right no that doesn't happen no
when you're trying to rescue someone
during war she lives during the
Depression her father loses his business
right um he has to go out of town to
find work now was he really finding work
out of town or did he meet someone else
he's gonna work out of town though it's
it's very hard he went out for
cigarettes and didn't come back
that's not finally we're inching into my
childhood is it all from one ERA allowed
to hang out with a doll from a different
era can 1812 doll hang out with a 1934
doll you know that is something that
we're gonna leave up entirely to the
play pattern of every individual child
if a girl decides there's a play pattern
yeah play patterns why doesn't the doll
from 1974 go in time and help out the
doll from 1934 and then why don't they
both go through time and help out the
girl in 1812 whose dad's being held by
the British and give that doll a handgun
so he can say everybody back up I'm
taking this 1812 doll with me see I
don't think it's one we'd pursue that
happens to be my play pattern
welcome to the cafe hi how are you nice
to see you
hey that didn't work this is the
American girl
Pepe is the cafe this is where the magic
happens guys this is where people sit
with dolls and eat we do have a choice
of Dolf we pick from let's look at my
choices
we got a matched kind of hair color
right I also want a doll that like me
has some skin damage and is prone to
depression similar we both have that
sort of dead-eyed you know the best of
our life is behind us look I'm getting a
server resemblance here special parties
in here this is just as I dreamed it
would be
I have not named my dog yet do I need to
name my doll you absolutely can name
your doll she is your doll Agnes Agnes
white topper Agnes fights hot forehead
she's was born in Germany her parents
are German mm-hmm she lives in current
times she entered the United States
illegally and her activities are
suspicious we got some sim roles here
for you enjoy maybe
Agnes here would love to sim role as
well thank you front office right
software my gosh whites our finest spice
that spice
- white soccer fight we have a salmon
filet which is wonderful
she doesn't like fish okay we also have
a penne pasta doesn't like pasta
she needs a gluten-free yes like what
shape because she's very particular
about what shapes of pasta
she has butterfly clothes she's afraid
of butterflies who's attacked by one in
Germany just before the flag look at the
loot wait for a second just right here
all right and oh she's a drink to take
her off edge you saying you serve
alcohol here absolutely good Chardonnay
Pinot Grigio and Cabernet I just bring
me a Chardonnay bring me the whole
bottle absolutely let's do the
gluten-free baked chicken tender
absolutely what's that you're just gonna
have to have it you can't be this way
every time something you have to eat
something you can't have dessert unless
you take three bites of the chicken
destroy
all right well while you're waiting you
guys want to do some fun games of
riddles together I want that Chardonnay
right there leave the bottle yeah oh
yeah I've got the food ordering for you
I'd probably play some fun games and do
some riddles if you guys want to do some
fun riddles who's up for a riddle oh my
god goes up but never goes down what
goes up but never goes down I would say
that's a 1990s view of the real estate
market a lot of people here that
celebrate special occasions like I miss
my coming next year for a birthday party
so maybe this brittle yeah I'm sorry
keep very rude there's another
team-building effort for you two guys
actually so you want us to work together
on this why not
agnus wife goes I don't care I miss what
goes up it's stupid well I'd say your
age right you're in Los Angeles in
Hollywood everyone's age goes down ask
any actress how old she is now four
years younger than she was last year
everyone loves cheese okay
I'm not sure she gets so mad she's
impossible one more riddle for the road
oh my god it's her it's not me
round as a marble blue as the sea unless
I'm brown or green maybe oh my god this
is my lush eye my windowpane Brown at me
and duck comes my right oh my god you
worked at guantnamo yeah he's done no
no more riddles he's gone he brought
food to the doll with no real night okay
will the spice things up a little bit I
met someone on the way in this is
Tiffany
hi Tiffany how you doing what do you
live in the neighborhood
[Applause]
you might be sick
[Music]
[Applause]